Update complexity controls. (#79)
digitalbazaar/rdf-canonize: CHANGELOG.md

- Add `signal` option to allow use of an `AbortSignal` for complexity control.
  Enables the algorithm to abort after a timeout, manual abort, or other
  condition.
- Add `maxWorkFactor` to calculate a deep iteration limit based on the number
  of non-unique blank nodes. This defaults to `1` for roughly O(n) behavior and
  will handle common graphs. It must be adjusted to higher values if there is a
  need to process graphs with complex blank nodes or other "poison" graphs. It

>   is recommeded to use this paramter instead of `maxDeepIterations` directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  is recommended to use this parameter instead of `maxDeepIterations` directly.
```

Reviewer: Should state that `maxDeepIterations` is provided, then `maxWorkFactor` will be ignored.
